Note: this is a very early version of this mod. It is bound to be very unbalanced. You can help me fix it by sharing your thoughts on the discord: http://discord.gg/eBKT8NC
Note: there's going to be a lot of bugs in multiplayer especially. Singleplayer will be more stable and playable, but hopefully I can fix multiplayer bugs eventually too. Report them on the discord when you encounter them.

Necromancy adds a new weapon class to the game!
Instead of harnessing the power of mana, Necromancers utilize the energy of life force.
A Necromancer can act as a tank, a damage-dealer, or a support, depending on your equipment.
New weapons deal necrotic damage, and they come in several types, based on the original 5 classes:

Necrotic melee weapons have much a more limited range than your average melee weapons that shoot projectiles everywhere, but steal life from hit enemies.
Necrotic ranged weapons require no ammo and instead cost life to use, but will give the life back exactly if you hit your targets.
Necrotic magic weapons cost life, but are also very powerful and can deal massive damage.
Necrotic summon weapons cost a portion of your max life for each summon, but otherwise have no limit to the number of minions you have.
Necrotic throwing weapons cost no life to shoot, but you can spend life to "reload" by right clicking.

This mod also features integration with Thorium, including extra equipment from strange plating, the Fallen Beholder, the Strider, the Lich, Abyssion, and the Ragnarök, as well as necrotic radiant and symphonic weapons!
Necrotic radiant weapons cost life, but heal allies every time they hit an enemy.
Necrotic symphonic weapons cost life, but give you and all allies buffs that increase in power with every hit.
Some regular radiant/symphonic weapons are also planned to be added (to complete weapon sets for each normal class), but I need to talk with the Thorium development team before I add anything myself.

Bonuses to necrotic damage are not specific to a subtype, so you can specialize into one class while still having a large variety of playstyles.

Some more specific information on this mod is on the Github wiki: https://github.com/sleurk/Necromancy/wiki

Every part of this mod is open-source, so if you're making your own mod and are wondering how to go about making a weapon class, or otherwise want to see how something in here is made, feel free to take a look!
Github: https://github.com/sleurk/Necromancy
Alternatively, you can use tModReader to unpack the .tmod file. Google can help you if you don't know what that means.

Credit to Thorium for the basis of necrotic radiant/symphonic weapons.
Credit for quite a bit of content of this mod (sprites, some items) goes to Crypt of the NecroDancer by Brace Yourself Games.
Credit for a little bit of content of this mod goes to Overwatch by Blizzard Entertainment.
(Something something imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. These are cool things that I like. If there's legal issues or something I can remove/rework them into something different)